Add poller automation & make some fixes to worker perf (#3566)
temporalio/documentation: docs/develop/worker-performance.mdx

`maxConcurrentWorkflowTaskPollers` (JavaSDK: `workflowPollThreadCount`) and `maxConcurrentActivityTaskPollers` (JavaSDK: `activityPollThreadCount`) define the maximum count of pollers performing poll requests on Workflow and Activity Task Queues.
The Worker's requests deliver Tasks to the related executor slots.

> Some SDKs (Python. All will be supported eventually) have currently-experimental support for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some SDKs (Python for now, although all SDKs will eventually be supported) have enabled experimental support for
```

> Some SDKs (Python for now, although all SDKs will eventually be supported) have enabled experimental support for

Reviewer 2: Small text change needed - can say "currently Python" and add the rest as they come so we don't any references to promises of future language implementations.

1. The Worker hosts are underutilized (no bottlenecks on CPU, load average, etc.).
2. The `worker_task_slots_available` metric from the corresponding Worker type frequently shows a depleted number of available Worker slots.

Alternatively, consider using a resource-based slot supplier as described [here](#slot-suppliers).

### Poller count

> Sometimes, it can be appropriate to increase the number of task pollers. This is usually more common

Reviewer 2: In general, great work! Will make some small edits likely tomorrow.
